in him
no no no it's not true guys to see we're going to
be sincere after the nintendo air
that we just watched nintendo revealed two
new characters revealed on youtube in
of him is since we had already and
revealed to lukas very well but finishing
this announced a new so to speak mode
what nintendo just opened called
Nintendo chooses a super fighter
smash bros well they did not explain it in the
nintendo of air guys let's go to the
page
here you are looking at what is
the cover and the name of the video goku
confirmed because I'm going to tell you something
that I was seeing on facebook very well
first of all it's kind of like
theory of something that could be fine since
we know that goku that will give a good no
it has nothing to do with nintendo me at
beginning I saw that image of dragon ball
or from goku confirmed says what
foolishness I do not know it's not possible but it's
good as for a mockery not for a
joke for times when one wants
I made a post on facebook is a post on
facebook where I put this picture guys
I'm going to show you I'm going to enter
facebook alright I'm going to enter here to
facebook and I'm going to show you that happy
part that made me change my mind very
ok let's go here to the split and I'm going to
select what is the part of the
screen region and here is here is my
facebook and how can you see guys not
make it big
let's vote for the plots ok as
we just saw this sounds like a joke
because I did it as a joke and eggs and
note or richter that will never happen anymore
they all started charly with turret
obviously and as you can see here
we come to a part where where it
he says maybe he could come out remember
which is namco bandai and just a matter of
votes and if it's true guys remember
that namco was the one who got pacman smash
bros
this is manco got pacman being that
pacman has nothing to do with whether it is a
classic but they had nothing nothing to do
so if dragon ball 7 and most
of the games are dragon ball zo
anime as those of naruto I think are
developed by namco I say that if
we voted for naruto or for what they would be
implement could there possibly be some
some possibility that they were
implemented to the is more say I know that to
the best and could not because they have
that see rights with akira toriyama and
brings this kind of thing but the truth
is that it can be feasible, that is if
put a pacman and we pay is the same
company that right now great games
dragon ball z are being made by
that company could be true that this
game that this character came out for
esmas would be very very expensive really
I can not imagine goku
I can not imagine ghubn in smash bros the
true but the truth would be great
we all grew up with dragon ball z yes it is
true all alive that great anime
we still follow many of his games and
the truth would be would be a very good very
good strategy or a very good fighter
now today I call you to those
guys let's vote by group what
we will achieve
Who knows, I'm going to talk to some
youtubers to see if they follow the game
let's see if it stays at the feki all
they were called and he is with them not
I know why little monkeys are encouraged to make a
video asking the subscribers that
vote for cool lorca by group to see if
I tell him u and know who else we can
put together a few votes obviously
well, this could make an effect
chain that reach many people
who knows
so, well, guys, we're going there very well
this is the screen where you are going to vote
for a character the link I'm going to
leave here below in the description esp
points nintendo dotcom dot gp point
is and as I tell you I 'm going to leave you at
description the page so you do not
you confuse well then here is how
can you see let's make it big
and here you will be seeing here I would say choose
a fighter or super smash bros want
that your favorite character is a
combat in super smash bros de nintendo
wii
Well, this is your opportunity to send your
name the character of a video game and
we will consider it for the inclusion of
smash bros campus very well there is a
limit of vote per person not up to your
vote for your vote could be published in
internet the deadline to participate
is October 3, 2015 ok your nickname
Well, here they are going to put as
they say to you I'm going to put reserve
because well they say to me
and in age I'm going to put 20 because I have
20 years male or female sex
character because boots goku well boku
just as 'dragon ball' appears
ok nintendo on your platforms there are
some dragonball games by game boy
in snes in the game cube in the cube are
the white ones in cannes and so nintendo
so work with manco kids could
do so because you consider that this
character must be a combatant or that
we were going to do
Goku
It is a character of our
childhood and also to app
has appeared in many
video game
games on nintendo consoles
well we miss nintendo
if they could put pacman dynamic I think
you can also devise put something q
since those games
are developed by namco I say I do not know
if this argument is valid the truth
but
the fight kids are going to do so if
you want to vote for long that you already know
what to do enter the page here
down the guy we're going to make
confirming something q
this would be to do tenth could you say
our nintendo character which all
the good ones are already included
snake wants another game and there what
they got nothing to do
snake or nintendo and there it is or could it be
goku power you want naruto put matters
you can can you guys all can be
if we get together you know guys
share the video so that more people
so you know about this and help us with
this little action or allied minister
nintendo to see if we can do that
take us into account and put water
dragon ball or it could be us
as you like but share the two
friends who know they like smash
bros nintendo or like that
will visit convoy is is is a good
cause soul the truth let's see how
it gets us down if I decide to richter and up
then my friends by kids already know
vote for lorca